MP-5133 Table Feature Sync State (#252)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/front-end/table-design/table-features/table-feature-sync-state.md

---
title: Table Feature Sync State
description: This article provides details about the Table Feature Sync State component in the Components Library.
template: concept-topic-template
---

This article provides details about the Table Feature Sync State component in the Components Library.

## Overview

> Table Feature Sync State is a feature of the Table Component that allows 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table Feature Sync State is a feature of the Table Component that provides 
```

> syncing the state of the table with browser URL (like pagination, filters, sorting, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
synchronizing the table state with the browser URL (like pagination, filters, sorting, etc.).
```
